From Chinese Datasheet:

(translated with deepl)

16.5.3 User-Selected Word Erase
Directly erases the entire 64-byte user-selected word area.
(1) Check the LOCK bit of FLASH_CTLR register, if it is 1, it is necessary to perform the "Unlock Flash Memory" operation.
(2) Check the BSY bit of FLASH_STATR register to make sure there is no programming operation in progress.
(3) Check the OBWRE bit of FLASH_CTLR register, if it is 0, it is necessary to perform the operation of "user select word unlock".
4) Set the OBER bit of FLASH_CTLR register to '1', and then set the STAT bit of FLASH_CTLR register to '1' to enable user select word erase.
Set the STAT bit of the FLASH_CTLR register to '1' to start the user-selected word erase.
(5) Wait for the BYS bit to become '0' or the EOP bit of FLASH_STATR register to be '1' to indicate the end of erase, and then clear the EOP bit to zero.
6) Read erase address data check.
7) End by clearing the OBER bit to 0.


From English Datasheet:
16.5.2 User-selected word programming
Only the standard programming method is supported, writing half-words (2 bytes) at a time. In practice, when 
programming the user-selected word, FPEC uses only the low byte in the half-word and automatically 
calculatesthe high byte (the high byte isthe inverse of the low byte) and then startsthe programming operation, 
which will ensure that the byte in the user-selected word and its inverse code are always correct.
1) Check the LOCK bit of FLASH_CTLR register, if it is 1, you need to execute the "Unlock Flash" 
operation.
2) Check the BSY bit of the FLASH_STATR register to confirm that there are no other programming 
operations in progress.
3) Set the OBPG bit of FLASH_CTLR register to '1', after that set the STAT bit of FLASH_CTLR register 
to '1' to turn on the user select word programming.
4) Set the OBPG bit of FLASH_CTLR register to '1', after that set the STAT bit of FLASH_CTLR register 
to '1' to turn on the user select word programming.
5) Write the half word (2 bytes) to be programmed to the specified address.
6) Wait for the BYS bit to become '0' or the EOP bit of FLASH_STATR register to be '1' to indicate the end of programming, and clear the EOP bit to 0.
7) Read the programmed address data checksum.
8) Continue programming you can repeat steps 5-7 and end programming to clear the OBPG bit to 0.
Note: When "Read Protected" in the modified selection word becomes "Unprotected", a whole-slice erase of 
the main memory will be performed automatically. If the selection other than "read protected" is modified, the 
whole erase operation will not occur.
